feat: implement core part (#5)
dkrutskikh/actions-toolkit-dart: README.md

import 'package:actions_toolkit_dart/core.dart' as core;
```

##### Inputs/Outputs

> Action inputs can be read with `getInput` which returns a `string` or `getBooleanInput` which parses a boolean based on the [yaml 1.2 specification](https://yaml.org/spec/1.2/spec.html#id2804923). If `required` set to be false, the input should have a default value in `action.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Action inputs can be read with `getInput` which returns a `string` or `getBooleanInput` which parses a boolean based on the [YAML 1.2 specification](https://yaml.org/spec/1.2/spec.html#id2804923). If `required` set to be false, the input should have a default value in `action.yml`.
```

Outputs can be set with `setOutput` which makes them available to be mapped into inputs of other actions to ensure they are decoupled.

```dart
final myInput = core.getInput(name: 'inputName', options: const core.InputOptions(required: true));
final myBooleanInput = core.getBooleanInput(name: 'booleanInputName', options: const core.InputOptions(required: true));
final myMultilineInput = core.getMultilineInput(name: 'multilineInputName', options: const core.InputOptions(required: true));

core.setOutput(name: 'outputKey', value: 'outputVal');
```

##### Exporting variables

Since each step runs in a separate process, you can use `exportVariable` to add it to this step and future steps environment blocks.

```dart
core.exportVariable(name: 'envVar', value: 'Val');
```

##### Setting a secret

> Setting a secret registers the secret with the runner to ensure it is masked in logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`core.setSecret` registers the secret with the runner to ensure it is masked in logs.
```
